Add in-line tabs and copy-paste functionality to docs (#3353)
alteryx/evalml: docs/source/install.md

---
jupytext:
  text_representation:
    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
    format_version: 0.13
    jupytext_version: 1.13.7
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3
  language: python
  name: python3
---

# Install

> EvalML is available for Python 3.8 with experimental support 3.9. It can be installed with pip or conda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EvalML is available for Python 3.8 with experimental support 3.9. It can be installed from [pypi](https://pypi.org/project/evalml/), [conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/evalml), or from [source](https://github.com/alteryx/evalml).
```
